Add AiBot connection configuration (#1643)
linagora/tmail-backend: tmail-backend/tmail-third-party/ai-bot/README.md

<processor state="local-delivery" enableJmx="true">
    ...
    <mailet match="All" class="com.linagora.tmail.mailets.TmailLocalDelivery">
                <consume>false</consume>
    </mailet>

<!-- Put the OpenAIMailet after LocalDelivery so the GPT reply would come after the asking question -->
    <mailet match="com.linagora.tmail.mailet.RecipientsContain=gpt@localhost" class="com.linagora.tmail.mailet.AIBotMailet">
        <apiKey>demo</apiKey>
        <botAddress>gpt@localhost</botAddress>

>         <model>lucie-7b-instruct-v1.1</model>

Reviewer: We do not need URL to the model?

<processor state="local-delivery" enableJmx="true">
    ...
    <mailet match="All" class="com.linagora.tmail.mailets.TmailLocalDelivery">

>                 <consume>false</consume>

Reviewer 2: Unnecessary indent

    </mailet>

<!-- Put the OpenAIMailet after LocalDelivery so the GPT reply would come after the asking question -->
    <mailet match="com.linagora.tmail.mailet.RecipientsContain=gpt@localhost" class="com.linagora.tmail.mailet.AIBotMailet">
        <apiKey>demo</apiKey>
        <botAddress>gpt@localhost</botAddress>
        <model>lucie-7b-instruct-v1.1</model>
        <baseURL>https://chat.lucie.exemple.com/v1</baseURL>
    </mailet>
</processor>
```
### Starting the AiBot

To start the AiBot [in memory], follow the steps below:

###  Clean Install

Run the following Maven command to compile the extension JAR:

```bash
mvn clean install -DskipTests --am --pl :ai-bot
```

To run AiBot in memory using Docker, use the following command:

```bash
docker run \
  --mount type=bind,source="sample_conf/jwt_publickey",target="/root/conf/jwt_publickey" \
  --mount type=bind,source="sample_conf/jwt_privatekey",target="/root/conf/jwt_privatekey" \
  --mount type=bind,source="sample_conf/mailetcontainer.xml",target="/root/conf/mailetcontainer.xml" \

>   --volume "target/xyz.jar:/root/extensions-jars/xyz.jar" \

Reviewer 2: As a dev on the project I guess this is the ai-bot jar extension but that ain't really clear here IMO for somebody else

        <baseURL>https://chat.lucie.exemple.com/v1</baseURL>
    </mailet>
</processor>
```
### Starting the AiBot

To start the AiBot [in memory], follow the steps below:

> ###  Clean Install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Run the following Maven command to perform a clean install, you can skip tests:
> 
> ```bash
> mvn clean install -DskipTests --am --pl :memory
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Run the following Maven command to perform a clean install, you can skip tests:
> 
> ```bash
> mvn clean install -DskipTests --am --pl :memory
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following Maven command to compile the extension JAR:

```bash
mvn clean install -DskipTests --am --pl :ai-bot
```
```

To run AiBot in memory using Docker, use the following command:

```bash
docker run \

>   --mount type=bind,source="/path/to/jwt_publickey",target="/root/conf/jwt_publickey" \
>   --mount type=bind,source="/path/to/jwt_privatekey",target="/root/conf/jwt_privatekey" \
>   --volume "/path/to/extensions-jars:/root/extensions-jars" \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --mount type=bind,source="sample-conf/jwt_publickey",target="/root/conf/jwt_publickey" \
  --mount type=bind,source="sample-conf/jwt_privatekey",target="/root/conf/jwt_privatekey" \
  --mount type=bind,source="sample-conf/mailetcontainer.xml",target="/root/conf/mailetcontainer.xml" \
  --volume "target/xyz.jar:/root/extensions-jars/xyz.jar" \
```

>   linagora/tmail-backend-memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  linagora/tmail-backend-memory
```
```suggestion
  linagora/tmail-backend:memory-branch-master
```

```

> **Replace Paths**
> 
> 
> /path/to/jwt_publickey: Replace with the actual path to your JWT public key file.
> 
> /path/to/jwt_privatekey: Replace with the actual path to your JWT private key file.
> 
> /path/to/extensions-jars: Replace with the path to your extensions jars directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
